1 Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
1 But it does n't leave you with much .	
1 There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
1 Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
3 I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
3 A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
1 It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
2 There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
1 They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
1 It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
4 If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
4 Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
3 But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
2 The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
3 ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
3 A surprisingly ' solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
1 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
2 Absorbing character	
3 Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
0 The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
4 Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
3 In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
2 You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
3 Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
3 Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
0 Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
1 It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
3 Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
0 Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
2 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
4 ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	
4 This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
3 A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
4 The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
2 An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
4 Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
2 Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
2 What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
0 A dreary movie .	
2 A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
3 A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
2 has -RRB-	
3 But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
2 If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
2 Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
4 Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give  Scratch  a second look .	
0 Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
2 A porn film without the sex scenes .	
1 Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
2 An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
4 The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .	
4 I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	
1 Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	
0 frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
0 Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
1 Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	
1 The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
3 Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	
1 Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	
1 Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	
1 A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
1 Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	
1 Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
2 Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	
3 This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	
2 One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	
3 And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .	
4 A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	
3 A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .	
4 An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
2 Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	
0 It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
3 There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .	
2 It wraps up a classic mother / daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
3 They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	
3 You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .	
0 Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
3 Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	
3 Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .	
4 This movie is to be cherished .	
0 Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
4 Ferrara 's best film in years .	
4 Poetry in motion captured on film .	
2 It 's exactly what you 'd expect .	
1 No , even that 's too committed .	
4 Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	
2 Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical  Bedknobs and Broomsticks ,  which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	
3 If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	
2 The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	
2 Strident and inelegant in its ' message-movie ' posturing .	
3 Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .	
1 It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	
3 Slight but enjoyable documentary .	
3 By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	
1 Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
4 Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	
0  Abandon  will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
2 A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ' bad ' police shooting .	
1 Been there done that .	
2 They exist for hushed lines like  They 're back ! 	
0 Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
2 The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
3 The creative animation work may not look as fully ' rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	
0 I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
1 None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	
0 Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
2 All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	
4 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	
2 There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .	
2 -LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .	
3 Strange it is , but delightfully so .	
2 The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	
3 the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	
0 What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
2 The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	
1 Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	
3 The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	
3 This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .	
1 Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	
3 As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .	
3 A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .	
3 With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .	
2 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	
4 Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	
3 The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .	
3 Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .	
1 Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
2 In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	
2 After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	
2 Otherwise , maybe .	
3 While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	
4 Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	
3 Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	
1 For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	
4 The actors are fantastic .	
2 But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	
2 I have no problem with  difficult  movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .	
3 While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	
3 Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	
0 What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
4 The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	
0 An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
3 This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	
2 The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
3 One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	
1 An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
4 Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
2 DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
3 It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	
1 It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	
3 An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .	
1 Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
2 Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	
3 Uplifting , funny and wise .	
3 Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	
4 The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	
2 Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
3 Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	
1 It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	
0 So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
2 The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
4 Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
4 A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .	
4 Noyce has worked wonders with the material .	
0 Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	
1 That 's because relatively nothing happens .	
4 Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	
1 A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	
3 Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .	
2 An elegant film	
3 It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	
3 There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .	
3 The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .	
3 But it 's worth the concentration .	
0 But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
0 It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
2 This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	
0 The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	
2 At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	
1 No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	
4 The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	
1 The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
3 On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .	
0 Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
3 Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	
3 Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .	
1 But it would be better to wait for the video .	
1 There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	
4 There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	
0 The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
4 The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
1 Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	
2 You just know something terrible is going to happen .	
1 It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	
3 The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	
4 Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
3 A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	
2 Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
3 The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .	
1 Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	
1 It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	
1 The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	
3 In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	
0 A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	
2 an  O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? 	
3 Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .	
1 Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	
3 -LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .	
2 All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	
4 It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	
0 Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
1 Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	
1 Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	
0 It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
3 Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	
0 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .	
3 Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .	
3 Deliciously slow .	
3 Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .	
2 The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	
2 Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
4 Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
0 Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
2 LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	
3 Great dragons !	
4 An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .	
2 Who knew ...	
1 One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	
1 The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	
2 Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	
1 You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	
0 You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	
3 Both damning and damned compelling .	
4 Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .	
1 Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .	
3 If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	
0 It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
3 If a big musical number like ' Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	
0 Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
3 -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .	
1 -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	
2 ... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .	
1 More tiring than anything .	
0 There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
2 in period costume and with a bigger budget .	
4 The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	
3 Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .	
1 A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	
1 Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	
3 Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	
1 Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	
2 You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .	
4 Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	
1 By-the-numbers yarn .	
2 Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	
3 The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	
3 Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	
3 Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	
4 If  Lilo & Stitch  is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since  Dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .	
3 Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .	
3 It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .	
0 Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
4 A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	
4 If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	
3 Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .	
1 If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	
1 The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	
2 Witless but watchable .	
2 This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	
3 As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .	
2 What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	
0 Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
4 If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	
4 It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
3 A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ' home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	
2 Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	
3 It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	
1 Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
1 I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
2 It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	
0 We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
3 One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	
0 Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
4 At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	
3 He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	
3 Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	
4 A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	
1 Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	
0 It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
1 Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	
1 In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	
0 When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
3 The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	
2 Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
1 Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	
0 It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :  Got AIDS yet ? 	
3 The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	
2 However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	
1 Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	
3 All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	
2 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
2 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	
3 A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	
4 More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	
1 No surprises .	
2 Routine and rather silly .	
1 ' God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	
0 As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
2 The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .	
0 The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
0 is a mess .	
3 Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	
3 Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	
2 Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	
4 But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	
1 Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
3 Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	
4 Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
3 Spare but quietly effective retelling .	
2 The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	
2 At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	
0 Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
1 A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	
3 Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	
3 Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .	
0 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
1 The script ?	
0 The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
0 There are many definitions of ' time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
4 Exciting documentary .	
1 Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	
0 In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
3 For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	
2 Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	
4 It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	
4 For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
3 As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	
3 There are moments of hilarity to be had .	
1 One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	
2 Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	
2 They were right .	
0 A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
4 If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	
3 Even the digressions are funny .	
4 What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	
2 I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	
3 A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	
2 Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	
1 Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	
1 The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	
3 I liked it just enough .	
0 The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
1 Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
1 I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
1 Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	
2 A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
4 It 's that good .	
4 Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	
1  Freaky Friday ,  it 's not .	
1 If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	
1 What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
1 Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	
0 Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
4 Even better than the first one !	
1 The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
4 The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
3 Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	
3 This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	
1 Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the  Gadzooks ! 	
3 An impeccable study in perversity .	
2 By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	
1 I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
2  The Quiet American  begins in Saigon in 1952 .	
3 Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	
0 A half-assed film .	
1 A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	
0 The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
2 If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	
3 A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	
0 It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
0 A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
2 What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .	
2 This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	
1 It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ' amateur ' in almost every frame .	
0 Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
1 It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	
1 Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	
0 Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
2 It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	
1 Ararat feels like a book report	
2 You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .	
1 Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	
3 And educational !	
3 I liked this film a lot ...	
1 Go back to sleep .	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	
1 Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
0 One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
0 This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
1 While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .	
1 A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	
2 It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
1 The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	
1 -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	
1 Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	
2 One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	
3 Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	
1 Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
2 The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	
3 Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	
0 A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
1 Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
3 Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	
2 This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	
4 It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
4 A thought-provoking picture .	
3 Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	
0 It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	
2 Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	
2 The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	
3 Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	
2 The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	
4 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but  Spider-Man  certainly delivers the goods .	
0  Solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	
4 A riveting story well told .	
3 Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .	
4 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	
2 Reyes ' word processor .	
1 Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	
0 It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
1 Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	
3 Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,  A Walk to Remember  succeeds through sincerity .	
3 The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .	
0 I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
3 A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	
2 But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
3 Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	
1 Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
2 Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	
1 It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
1 A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	
3 While Bollywood / Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .	
3 Family fare .	
1 ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	
1 Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	
0 To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
3 Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .	
3 A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	
0 It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
4 A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
1 If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
0 A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
3 Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	
3 An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	
4 Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	
3 It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .	
1 The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	
3 The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	
3 Pray has really done his subject justice .	
1 The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	
2 Adam SANDLER !	
3 A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	
3 Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	
0 About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
4 Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	
1 A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
1 Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on  The Simpsons  has .	
2 But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	
1 As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	
1 plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
1 The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	
1 Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	
2 An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
4 The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
1 There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
0 If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	
4 One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	
3 Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ' dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	
1 It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	
2 ' Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ' We Were Soldiers . '	
2 What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	
2 Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	
1 The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of  7th Heaven . 	
0 Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	
2 It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
4 As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	
3 A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	
2 It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	
2 The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	
3 Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	
3 Dense , exhilarating documentary .	
0 but rather , ' How can you charge money for this ? '	
1 For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	
2 The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	
1 Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	
1 Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends , family ...	
3 A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .	
2 In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .	
1 Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	
4 A witty , low-key romantic comedy .	
1 Death might be a release .	
0 The movie is a dud .	
1 It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	
1 When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	
2 OK arthouse .	
3 The film is a fierce dance of destruction .	
4 It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	
2 A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !	
2 A collage	
1 Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	
3 Manages to delight without much of a story .	
0 There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	
3 Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .	
3 A funny film .	
4 Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	
3 Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .	
2 Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .	
4 Even if you 've seen  Stomp  -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !	
1 Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	
2 If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .	
2 There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .	
1 The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	
1 The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	
0 Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	
3 The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .	
1 In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	
3 For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	
1 Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	
3 Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	
2 It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .	
1 Debut effort by  Project Greenlight  winner is sappy and amateurish .	
1 Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	
1 Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	
3 I 'll go out on a limb .	
1 If nothing else ,  Rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.	
1 A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	
1 A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .	
3 Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	
2 ... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .	
3 Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	
3 Sparse but oddly compelling .	
2 Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	
0 One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	
2 And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .	
4 Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	
3 Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	
2 Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	
2 Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	
4 An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	
2 Berling and	
0 Very stupid and annoying .	
3 ' If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	
0 Crummy .	
4 Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	
1 Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	
3 Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	
0 A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	
4 This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	
1 The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	
3 -LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .	
2 Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .	
1 A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	
1 You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	
3 An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	
1 With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	
3 The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	
2 A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	
4 Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	
0 An almost unbearably morbid love story .	
2 Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit	
2 You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?	
0 The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	
1 While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	
1 The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	
4 As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	
4 Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .	
4 Fantastic !	
1 Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	
1 A big fat pain .	
3 Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .	
4  The best Disney movie since the Lion King 	
1 Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	
0 Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	
0 The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	
0 An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	
3 About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	
2 Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .	
1 It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	
4 Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	
2 I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	
3 Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	
2 To some eyes	
0 That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	
0 You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	
2 It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .	
1 The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .	
4 An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	
1 Big mistake .	
2 Charming , if overly complicated ...	
1 Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	
0 A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	
1 But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	
0 The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	
1 A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	
2 At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	
2 ... salaciously simplistic .	
1 an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	
2 A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .	
2 You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .	
4 The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	
0 Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .	
1 Lacks dramatic punch and depth .	
3 The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	
3 Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	
3 As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .	
1 It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	
4 An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	
2 It 's 51 times better than this .	
4 ... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	
3 Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	
3 Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .	
2 Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .	
3 Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	
2 Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .	
3 A gentle and engrossing character study .	
2 Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .	
4 It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	
0 Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .	
4 Most haunting about  Fence  is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	
2 So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .	
3 Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	
2 Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .	
0 This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	
3 Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	
3 The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	
1 It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .	
2 Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .	
3 Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	
2 The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .	
3 Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	
3 It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
3 Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
2 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
3 Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
3 The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	
3 ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks ?	
1 It 's drab .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
3 Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
2 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ' What if ? '	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
0 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
1 Strictly a ' guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not  ha ha  funny ,  dead circus performer  funny .	
2 A romance ?	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
1 When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ' seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
3 Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	
4 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
2 A  black Austin Powers ? 	
4 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
0 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
0 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
0 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
1 This action-thriller / dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
3 The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	
0 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
3 Mention  Solaris  five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
2 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
1 A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
3 I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the  Miami Vice  checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
4 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	
2 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
1 Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ' masterpiece ' and ' triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
3 It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ' angels of light . '	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ' an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ' Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than  Memento 	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of  Iris  or  American Beauty ,  but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
4 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
1  Looking For Leonard  just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
2 makes sense ,	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
3 Be patient with the lovely Hush !	
4 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
1 I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
2 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
3 Never once predictable .	
2 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
1 Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
2 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
2 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
3 While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
4 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
3 One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
4 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
4 Refreshing .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
3 Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
4 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
1 Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
2 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
1 A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
3 Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
1 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
3 How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	
3 It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	
2 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
1 Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
2 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
0 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	
0 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ' comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
3 A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
1 Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
3 A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
2 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
0 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	